In this video, I'm going to show you how
to run clot code completely for free.
So, instead of using one of the paid
subscriptions, we will be able to pluck
clot code into a free cloud model. This
process doesn't need you to install any
local model on your computer. So, if
your computer doesn't have a lot of RAM,
you will still be able to run clot code
for free. Now, there is already a bunch
of good tutorials about how to use clot
code for free using Olama and
self-hosted LLMs. But, if you take a
look at a really popular AI model for
coding, even the smallest version of
GPOSS needs you to have 14 gigs of VM on
your computer. Now 14 gigs of VM
actually is pretty high because let's
say you buy a new Apple computer. The
base RAM that you get is actually 16
gigs which means you still cannot run
this GPD model in your base Mac Mini.
Now if you really want to use CL code
for free without using your RAM then you
have to use open router. Using one API
key from open router you can get access
to hundreds of different TI models which
also includes the free models. On the
models if we search for free LLMs
you can see we have got a lot of free
models. You can use them without paying
any money.
Here you can see we have GPTOSs 120
billion parameters for free. Its input
token and output tokens are zero. But if
we run the same model on our computer,
it will consume 65 gigs of RAM which is
actually massive. If we scroll down
here, you can see we have got the coin
3/40 billion parameters. If we run it on
our computer, it will consume 290 gigs
of RAM, which will be more expensive
than using cloud API. If we want to use
it for free, then at first we have to
install the clot code. I hope you have
already installed it on your computer.
Then we have to connect the cloth to our
open router. To do that, I'm going to
open my cursor.
Here instead of cursor, you can use
anti-gravity or other softwares as well
if you want. Now on the cursor, I'm
going to open a new folder.
It name is cloud.
Now I have to create settings.json file
in this folder.
Now I'm going to paste in this JSON file
in my folder. To get this JSON you can
take a screenshot and then extract the
JSON using chat GBT. Now we need the
open router API key and the LLM model.
For the LLM I'm going to use this
coorder model. To use this LLM, copy it
from here. Now go back to cursor and we
have to paste it right into here.
And now we need the open router API key.
To get the API key, sign into open
router. Here you can see I have no money
in my open router account. Now click
into API keys from the settings. Now I'm
going to create a new key.
Now copy the API key from here. Now go
back to cursor and paste in the API key
right into here.
Now we are going to save this file.
Now open the terminal.
Now I'm going to launch clot.
Now you can see it is using quoder free
model. If I send in a message,
you can see the model is not working
because it is getting too many requests
right now. To solve this problem, we
have to use another free model. You can
use other free models from here. But if
you scroll to the very bottom, we have
the free models router. If we use the
free model router, we are going to have
a lot more success. And pretty much all
our requests will be going through. And
if you don't know about this model, this
is a router that selects free models at
random from the models available on open
router. It will use any of them,
whatever is free right now. To use it,
copy the model name. Now go back to
cursor. Now change the model name from
here.
Now we going to open a new CL code.
Now you can see it is working on open
router free model. Now I'm going to send
in a message
and it is now responding to our message.
Now I just want to say that the
performance of these free models is not
going to be as good as anthropic models.
So if you want to use anthropic API here
then you can also use it using open
router. To do that we have to copy that
model name from here and we have to
paste it right into here into the
anthropic model. But a really popular
model to use for AI coding is minimax
2.5 and it is ranked at one in
programming category. If we compare the
pricing with colot code, it will charge
30 cents per million input tokens and 95
cents per million output tokens. But the
opus 4.6 six will charge $5 per million
input tokens and $25 per million output
tokens, which is actually pretty high.
To use the minimax 2.5, you have to copy
the model name from here. Then go back
to your cursor and then paste in the
model name right into here.
Now save it.
Now if we open a new cloth code,
you can see it is using minimax 2.5. But
you must have to add some credits in
your open router account to use the
minimax 2.5 model. Thank you so much for
watching the video. If you like the
video, then please drop me a like. It
definitely helps me out a lot. I will
see you in the next